Update manual test case "node disconnection" (#732)
longhorn/longhorn-tests: docs/content/manual/pre-release/node/node-disconnection.md

### Case 2:
1. Launch Longhorn.
2. Use statefulset launch a pod with the volume and write some data.
3. Disconnect the node that the volume attached to for 100 seconds.
4. Wait for the node back and the volume reattachment.

> 5. During volume detached/attached, pod will auto delete/create 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. After the volume is reattached, the pod will be automatically deleted and recreate.
```
